Module 1) Personal Information
● Briefly introduce yourself: name, educational background, and current status
(student or professional).
"Hello, my name is krushit shah. I recently post graduated with a degree in master of science information technology from
sardar patel university. I'm enthusiastic about starting my career in IT Industry, and I'm particularly interested in 
programming languages.

● Mention key personality traits, such as your creativity, analytical skills, or passion for
problem-solving.
Problem-solving skills help you determine the source of a problem and find an effective solution. Although problem-solving 
is often identified as its own separate skill, there are other related skills that contribute to this ability.
Some key problem-solving skills include:
Active listening
Analysis
Research
Creativity
Communication
Dependability
Decision making
Team-building
Problem-solving skills are important in every career at every level. As a result, effective problem solving may also require
industry or job-specific technical skills. For example, a registered nurse would need active listening and communication 
skills when interacting with patients but would also need effective technical knowledge related to diseases and medications.
In many cases, a nurse would require to know when to consult a doctor regarding a patient’s medical needs as part of the 
solution.
Related: Analytical Thinking Vs. Critical Thinking (With Their Uses)
Examples Of Problem-Solving Skills
To solve a problem effectively, you would likely use a few different skills. Here are a few examples of skills you may use
when solving a problem.
Research
Researching is an essential skill related to problem solving. As a problem solver, youare required to be able to identify
the cause of the issue and understand it fully. You can begin to gather more information about a problem by brainstorming
with other team members, consulting more experienced colleagues or acquiring knowledge through online research or courses.
Analysis
The first step to solving any problem is to analyse the situation. Your analytical skills might help you understand problems
and effectively develop solutions. You would also need analytical skills during research to help distinguish between effective
and ineffective solutions.
Decision-making
Ultimately, you would require to make a decision about how to solve problems that arise. At times (and with industry experience),
you may be able to make a decision quickly. Solid research and analytical skills can help those who have less experience in
their field. There may also be times when it is appropriate to take some time to craft a solution or escalate the issue to
someone more capable of solving it.
Communication
When identifying possible solutions, you would require to know how to communicate the problem to others. You would also require
to know what communication channels are the most appropriate when seeking assistance. Once you find a solution, communicating
it clearly would help reduce any confusion and make implementing a solution easier.
Dependability
Dependability is one of the most important skills for problem-solvers. Solving problems in a timely manner is essential.
Employers highly value individuals they can trust to both identify and then implement solutions as fast and effectively 
as possible.

● Explain your interest in technology and why you chose this career path.
“I chose this career because it is one where I feel I will get the most job satisfaction from. Everyone I know who works 
in this career has said how happy there are in their work. I have also been influenced by the positive feedback I have received
from people, including my teacher, who recommended this career to me based on my skill set and qualities. I also chose this
career because it is something I am very passionate about, it is a career where there are opportunities to learn new skills
and develop existing ones, and there is a chance for me to eventually progress and gain promotion.”
“I chose this career because I get lots of job satisfaction from helping people, from responding to their needs, and from 
making a positive difference in people’s lives. Being a sociable person, I enjoy interacting with people and I will also 
find the busyness of a career in customer service appealing. Having spoken to friends and colleagues who already work in 
customer service, they agree I have the personality and resilience to excel in the position. Finally, because there is 
the opportunity to work additional hours in this career, this quickly will help me to reach my financial goals outside of 
work.”