Module 4) HR Questions
● Outline your career goals and where you see yourself in the next few years.
“In five years, I see myself continuing to grow in my career and taking on more responsibility within the company by leveraging
the expertise I’ve gained working in this industry for the past 5 years.
I’m also looking to start a family in the next few years, so I’ll be balancing work and home life. I think that my career
goals and personal goals will complement each other nicely and help me to achieve a healthy work-life balance.”
“I see myself in a leadership position, helping to lead and develop a productive and successful team. I believe I’m uniquely
positioned for this career path I’ve consistently met or exceeded sales goals in every position I’ve held.
I would also like to continue developing soft skills and technical skills by taking on additional training opportunities.
I think that being in a management position will give me the opportunity to do both of these things.”

● Detail the roles and industries you are interested in.
I am genuinely passionate about the industry in which this role operates.
Throughout my academic and professional journey, I have immersed myself in learning about the latest trends, advancements,
and challenges in this field.
This passion has driven me to stay updated, participate in relevant industry events, and actively seek opportunities to 
contribute
and impact positively.
Being part of this role would allow me to channel my enthusiasm into tangible results and I am excited about the prospect 
of being at the forefront of innovation and driving positive change.
One of the primary reasons I am interested in this role is the strong alignment between my values and those of the company.

I have thoroughly researched the organization and found that its mission, vision, and core values resonate deeply with me.
I am drawn to the company's commitment to integrity, collaboration, and making a meaningful difference in the lives of its
customers.
This alignment not only motivates me but also gives me a sense of purpose and fulfillment in contributing to a company that
shares my values.

● Highlight specific goals or milestones you aim to achieve.
Career development goals are objectives to improve your skills and motivation. You can combine your personal interests with
skills or performance goals to achieve success at work. For example, if you want to expand your computer programming skills
and your manager needs help creating a website, you can offer to learn more on the topic to assist.
Setting career development goals encourages skill improvement. You may learn enough to apply for a promotion or you could
change careers based on your new abilities. Creating goals to achieve over a set amount of time gives you the initiative to
work hard, get motivated and advance in your role.
Career development goals may make your job easier as you become quicker and more productive based on what you learn. 
Setting professional development goals also shows your manager you are serious about your job and want to continue to excel
in it.