Module 3) Projects
● Describe a key project you have worked on or are currently working on.
“I have worked on many important projects throughout my career. What’s really crucial for me when starting one is to get very
clear on the goals right at the start and then create a plan with milestones. I also like dealing with the most difficult 
parts of the projects early on—that way in case there are any significant issues, I’ll still have a nice amount of time to
complete before the deadline. I also typically break down large tasks into smaller chunks, so that it is easier to know 
where to start. Detailed planning is very important to ensure an important project goes smoothly. For example, last year 
I was in charge of . . . .”
From here, start explaining the project, first in terms of its purpose and objective, scope, complexity [e.g. working with
new technology, number of resources, budget, and timeline] and the key challenge you needed to overcome. Show them that you
can see not only the big picture but also all the little things that need to happen on a daily basis in order to get the 
project done.
“In order to get project “X” completed in my previous job, I found out who the key stakeholders were and got their input on
the project’s different parts. Then, I outlined the major milestones that would be involved in completing the project, and
worked backwards to break down the work that would need to be done at each stage.
I created a list of all possible risks that might stop us from reaching those milestones, and I then added some extra time
to the schedule in case anything unexpected came up. I also made sure that my role and responsibilities in the project were
as clear as possible so I knew exactly what I had to do. The project was completed on time, but looking back, I realize there
were some problems that could have been avoided. For example, I would have changed “Z” in order to avoid some of the minor
scheduling problems we ran into. Having said that, it’s always easier to see what the learnings are after a project has been
completed, and I now know what I’d do differently the next time.”

● Explain the technologies used, the scope of the project, and its objectives.
Project scope is the part of project planning that involves determining and documenting a list of specific project goals, 
deliverables, tasks, costs and deadlines. The documentation of a project's scope is called a scope statement or terms of 
reference. It explains the boundaries of the project, establishes responsibilities for each team member and sets up procedures
for how completed work will be verified and approved.
During the project, this documentation helps the project team remain focused and on task. The scope statement also provides
the team with guidelines for making decisions about change requests during the project. Note that a project's scope statement
should not be confused with its charter; a project's charter simply documents that the project exists.
Effective scope management requires good communication. That ensures everyone on the team understands the extent of the 
project and agrees upon exactly how the project's goals will be met. As part of scope management, the team leader should
ask for approvals and signoffs from stakeholders as the project proceeds, ensuring that the proposed finished project meets
everyone's needs.

● Highlight the challenges faced and how you addressed them, showcasing your
problem solving skills.
Before we dive into how to showcase your problem-solving skills, it's essential to understand what they involve. Problem
-solving skills include the ability to:
Analyze complex situations and issues
Generate workable solutions
Implement these solutions and adapt as necessary
Evaluate the effectiveness of the solutions
These skills are rooted in logical thinking, creativity, resilience, and decision-making abilities. Having these abilities
makes you an invaluable asset to any team.